
Here is a description of the branches of the matched tree
for purposes of documentation for Data Science use.


eventNo
--------
The event number.

nChargedTracks
--------------
The number of reconstructed tracks that met the following
conditions:

1. Had either a pi+ or pi- mass hypothesis
2. Track projected cleanly to the FCAL
3. Track projected cleanly to the first layer of the FMWPC

n.b. This may be less than nFMWPCMatchedTracks since those
include tracks that don't require 3. above.

nFCALShowers
------------
Number of reconstructed FCAL showers. By default showers
require a minimum of 2 blocks. Single blocks where no
neighbors are hit are, therefore, not counted. There is 
also a minimum energy deposit of 350MeV. This mean for 
minimum ionizing particles (MIPs) that pass right through
a single block, depositing a small amount of energy, there
will be no corresponding "shower". This is the case for
most muons and some pions.

nFCALhits
----------
Number of FCAL hits. This is basically the number of blocks
hit in the event. Technically, it could include two hits
in a single block if they were far enough away in time, but
that is very unlikely. There is no cut on the timing of these
so there may be accidentals included from unrelated events
close in time with the triggering event. This is not present
in the simulated data, but will be in the real data.

nMWPChits
-----------
Number of FMWPC wire hits in the event.


nFMWPCMatchedTracks
-------------------
Number of "matched" tracks in the event. This is the number
of reconstructed tracks that were one of a e+,e-,pi+,pi-
mass hypothesis. No other criteria was applied. Thus, this
will count tracks that were not counted in the nChargedTracks
field above. 

n.b. The following values are all variable-sized arrays with
nFMWPCMatchedTracks elements. These correspond to the
DFMWPCMatchedTrack reconstructed data objects in the Hall-D
code. The "matched" refers to including information from the
track and hits/clusters it was matched to in the FCAL and
FMWPC detectors.


FMWPC_pid[nFMWPCMatchedTracks]
------------------------------
The mass hypothesis for each matched track. These should be
one of:

2 = positron
3 = electron
8 = pi+
9 = pi-


FCAL_E_center
-------------
Calibrated energy hit for the FCAL block the track projected
to. Note that while this is a calibrated hit, it does not
include things like the depth corrections done when a block
is part of a cluster. Also, because the pion and muon 
particles we are interested in here do not create EM showers,
there is a lot of energy deposited in the downstream end
of the block that less attenuated compared to typical shower
energy. Thus, the "apparent" energy will be higher for those.
Finally, This can easily be 0 if the track projection points 
to a different block than was actually hit. This last point
probably makes this of limited use. More likely we will want
to look at the 3x3 or 5x5 values.

FCAL_E_3x3
----------
Sum of the 3x3 group of FCAL blocks centered on the block
corresponding to FCAL_E_center (see above).

n.b. this is intended to look in a small region of the FCAL
in the vicinity of the projectyed track. It is a straight
sum of the FCAL hits with no depth corrections etc..


FCAL_E_5x5
----------
Sum of the 5x5 group of FCAL blocks centered on the block
corresponding to FCAL_E_center (see above).

It is likely that the ratio of FCAL_E_3x3 and FCAL_E_5x5 
would be a good feature to train on since it indicates
how contained the shower is.


FMWPC_closest_wire*
------------------
This is the closest hit wire in the FMWPC to the projected
track for the FMWPC layer. 

n.b. Some layers will have no wires hit in the event as
so will report a wire number of -1000 indicating this.

n.b. If a layer has only a single wire hit, then it will
necessarily be the closest wire for all tracks in the 
event. For this reason, the more important value is the
FMWPC_dist_closest_wire* values described below.


FMWPC_dist_closest_wire*
------------------------
The distance between the track projection to the layer
and the closest hit wire (if any). This is in units of
wires and the wire spacing is just over 1cm so it is
basically in cm. If no wire was hit in the layer then
this defaults to 1.0E6


FMWPC_Nhits_cluster*
--------------------
The number of contiguous wires hit that include the 
FMWPC_closest_wire*. In principle, this would be an
indication of the size of a hardonic shower as it passes
though the FMWPC layer. 



